abbott of farnham e d abbott limited was a british coachbuilding business based in farnham surrey trading under that name from 1929. a major part of their output was under sub-contract to motor vehicle manufacturers. their business closed in 1972.
 schwan-stabilo is a german maker of pens for writing colouring and cosmetics as well as markers and highlighters for office use. it is the world's largest manufacturer of highlighter pens stabilo boss.
 q-workshop is a polish company located in poznań that specializes in designand production of polyhedral dice and dice accessories for use in various games (role-playing gamesboard games and tabletop wargames). they also run an online retail store and maintainan active forum community.q-workshop was established in 2001 by patryk strzelewicz – a student from poznań. initiallythe company sold its products via online auction services but in 2005 a website and online store wereestablished.
 marvell software solutions israel known as radlan computer communications limited before 2007 is a wholly owned subsidiary of marvell technology group that specializes in local area network (lan) technologies.
 bergan mercy medical center is a hospital located in omaha nebraska. it is part of the alegent health system.
 the unsigned guide is an online contacts directory and careers guide for the uk music industry. founded in 2003 and first published as a printed directory the unsigned guide became an online only resource in november 2011.
 within sports and games played at the international competitive level the rest of the world refers to a team of players from many countries of origin that compete against a single individual or a team from a single group such as a club or country. the team was formed in 1998.
 globoforce is a multinational company co-headquartered in southborough massachusetts and dublin ireland providing cloud-based (software as a service) human capital management (hcm) software solutions. its social recognition solutions are designed for employees to recognize and reward each other as incentive for performance and behaviors that are mapped to company values. a private corporation globoforce is co-headquartered in southborough massachusetts and dublin ireland.